
OBEX kio slave.
---------------

At the moment it is mostly working with ober IP, IrDA and the Siemens BFB
transport protocol. The slave ues url's of the form

obex://hostname:port/path

for IP connections. It will use the standard OBEX port 650 if the port
argument is omitted. The IP transport also queries for the nss/netdb entry

obex                  650/tcp

if registered in the services database. (see getent(1) or nsswitch.conf(5))
The IP transport also tries the port 29650. This one is used in case of
a server running without root privileges.

The IrDA Transport is accessed via the url format

obex://irda/path

In this case device discovery is done and the first device offering
the OBEX hint bit is connected.

The Bluetooth Transport is accessed via the url format

obex://bluetooth/path

In this case device discovery is done and the first device offering
the filesystem browsing profile is connected.

There exist serial transports for Siemens mobiles. It is currently untested.
In theory it should work.

A serial transport for the ericcson mobiles is also in the works. It should be
easy to do. It is also difficult to test because I don't know anyone with an
ericsson phone ...

I have removed the old url format using '!' to separate transport options.
There is now a kcontrol module for configuration. Using this module one can
define 'OBEX hosts' which can be used for hostnames in OBEX url's. Since there
are many configuration options i think this is the best method to access
specific devices. If you know the hardware addresses of your bluetooth or
irda device you can use url's of the form:

obex://[ef:01:23:45]/

if your irda device has the address ef:01:23:45 or

obex://[ab:cd:ef:01:23:45]/

if your bluetooth device has the hardware address ab:cd:ef:01:23:45.
For bluetooth you can also include the rfcomm channel of the folderbrowsing
profile in the usual port field.

OBEX authentication is currently supported in url's.
More complete authentication configutation will come.

DEVICE COMPATIBILITY

The NOKIA 3650 mobile has a firmware bug in some versions.
Mobiles with this bug return invalid XML files for folder listings. This
leads to empty directories. Thie bug is reported to be in at least firmware
version 2.50. The firmware version 3.16 fixed this bug.
Thanks to Fred Schaettgen <Sch@ttgen.net> for testing.

My Siemens S45i works well with this implementation.

Connections from and to openobex driven clients or servers will be refused,
since openobex uses a wrong protocol version value in connect
requests/responses.

DOCUMENTATION

Hmm, can someone tell me how to write kdehelp documentation?

DEMO SERVER

There is an example folderbowsing server in the subfolder
libqobex/qobexfbssrv/. This server and the server api is currently under
heavy development. It listens by default on localhost. You can change the
transport where it listens with -t <whatever>. It is also password protected 
by the password 'fbsserver' For more information think of the wisdom of
the yedi:

Use the source Luke

:)

Have fun!
